Mantor next contest is set for one fall
introducing first accompanied tillering
my VIP cheolsu representing the VIP
globe uh je Bess
what do you honestly Jose he's a
complete nutter fool if he thinks he
could take on Delta team Bravo by
himself until you see his opponent he is
the only participant to participate
asila for MMA and Impact Wrestling Vegas
mama will go
he is a three-time US Open champion at
84 kilos and that is a staredown that I
don't know if J best wants to make right
now I've been waiting for this match I
want to see how he transition it to the
Olympic team for freestyle wrestling
both Oh H and O for Athens and Beijing
former Strikeforce light heavyweight
champion is kendo pan-american champion
for Bellator aunty a superstar yourself
they're being related to not use the
fist I understand that I mean he's gonna
do what comes roses do a big upside I
mean obviously this guy knows how to get
down and dirty and fight tight waist
goes down to the mat a lot of potential
here but can't chemo turn that potential
into Talent
the thing is is that he's gonna have to
transition from MMA and amateur
wrestling and the kickboxing and turn it
into professional wrestling because it's
totally different worlds totally
different beast and most men just can't
actually make the biggest move so far
the King Mo's made has not returned
Titus's phone call I never would want to
call him he will one time you want to
sign him so bad King mo like a human
weapon always on the assault here again
he's been training for several months
now them to work into the professional
wrestling world this is OVW professional
wrestling debut here's one thing you
won't see from the VIP crew
this is actually so you're waiting and
following the referees instructions
now that scouted this is a totally
different beast there's a different
animal left they're squaring the eyes
huh he wasn't paying attention it wasn't
looking at him
it's not going to get a thumb in the eye
it's not like the MMA world there's no
outside interference there's no enemies
all around you in the MMA world
professional wrestling is very different
octagon
once we're not good at third I go to
stop him and have the doctor come here
to check to see whether or not he's in
submission